as you may have already noticed we're
doing things a little differently this
year seeing as Dave is contributing just
as much to the years reviews we've
decided to split the top ten into two
personal top fives I know it's
unorthodox but as always there's no
order and we'll have plenty of
runner-ups in a follow-up video to see
your thirst for now let's check out apps
by Andrews top 5 iOS games for 2012
punch quest by rocketcat games and mad
garden there are times when a developer
creates a game that's almost too good it
sounds crazy but imagine a title so
addictive so engaging thanks to its
almost manic sense of variety that you
have no need to delve into the paid for
options for a free game this is near
suicide as low as i am to admit it
in-app purchases can be a good thing
especially if it means the developers
get paid rocketcat games and mad
garments monster punching order runner
actually had to be made harder in some
respects just so people considered
throwing them a buck or two for me this
game has entirely revived the genre and
I look forward to seeing the clones that
attempt to cash in on its fame beat
sneak bandit by simogo Simone goes games
just booze class from the lusciously
rendered world's filled with intuitively
designed elements to the painstakingly
crafted audio almost no detail is left
unpolished part rhythm game part puzzle
platformer beat sneak bandit takes a
logical step forward for the genres by
combining them the ladder was always a
matter of timing so it seems only
natural to add a rhythm element where
the player must time their movements
precisely or suffer the consequences if
you haven't played a simogo game yet
this is the one to try magic 2013 by
wizards of the coast
ever since the iPad was released I
maintained a belief that it was only a
matter of time before board games
started to see a resurgence in many ways
this has become true but the surprise
edition of wizards of the coast's magic
of the gathering on the iPad was a
secret wish made manifest after already
having spent a lot of time perfecting
the series on PCs the iPad version is
almost the penultimate release making
the pocket-sized game perfectly portable
playable with friends wherever you are
and easy to pick up and play bastion by
supergiant games speaking of iPad
conversions Bastion is a shining example
of how to bring a game to another
platform notably it feels as though it
was always meant to be on iOS devices
and that's no easy thing considering it
already saw releases on most major
consoles and PC platforms small tweaks
to the game along with dead simple to
pick up controls ensure this beloved
brawler holds its own a great pick up no
matter what platform you choose to play
it on and my pick of the year waking
Mars by Tiger style
when waking Mars was first released I
felt like a broken record as I spent
weeks harping on about how amazing Tiger
Styles latest title was while the
initial release had its quirks and
doesn't hold a candle to the most recent
updates notably the addition of full
voice acting it was no less incredible
to play gorgeously simple to pick up and
devilishly clever in its ecosystem
emulating gameplay the only
disappointment was that things had to
eventually end short though the game
maybe it's a rewarding experience that
makes you feel great for solving its
challenges and surviving its deadly
secrets for me there's no other game I'd
gladly recommend more from 2012 than
waking Mars Dave himself will be voicing
his top five do be gentle as it's been a
while since his work behind a mic this
has been Andrew with appspot com we
review you decide